EVERYTHING IS
GOING TO BE OK.
I HAVE TO MEET A FRIEND,
SOMEONE WHO WILL HELP US.
WE'VE GOT TO GET
OUT OF HERE NOW.
YOU PROMISED YOU WOULD
PROTECT MY CHILDREN.
THAT'S EXACTLY
WHAT I'M DOING.
JUST GET IN THE CAR, PLEASE.
WE HAVE TO MOVE!
YOU PROMISED YOU
WOULD KEEP US SAFE.
AND I WILL.
BUT YOU GOT TO TRUST ME
ONE MORE TIME.
COME ON, KIDS. LET'S GO.
EVERYBODY IN.
EVERYBODY IN?
YOU'LL NEVER FIND HER.
I KNEW IT HAD TO BE YOU.
I SEE THE PAPER
REPORTED THE DEATH
OF OUR MUTUAL FRIEND.
I'LL WAIT FOR YOUR CALL.
YOU CATCH HIM?
ONLY AFTER HE
DROWNED 8 WOMEN.
SICK BASTARD.
HE WAS.
AS OF 3 DAYS AGO,
JOHN SUMMERS WASN'T.
IS THAT WHY YOU CALLED ME?
HE WAS STRESSED, EXHAUSTED,
A LITTLE PARANOID MAYBE,
BUT NOT SUICIDAL.
I SIGNED HIM OFF
AS FIT FOR DUTY.
SO YOU DID.
AND SO HE WAS.
IT WASN'T SUICIDE, WAS IT?
PAPERS SAY IT WAS.
INVESTIGATION TOO MESSY.
YOU MADE IT LOOK
LIKE SUICIDE.
NOW, THAT IS A MESS.
THIS? THAT'S
JUST CLEANING HOUSE.
SO WHY DO YOU LOOK LIKE CRAP?
YOU KNOW ME TOO WELL.
IT WAS ONLY
THE PEOPLE IN MY UNIT
THAT KNEW THAT
JOHN SUMMERS WAS CIA.
AND MY BOSSES BELIEVE
THAT SOMEONE IN MY TEAM
IS THE ONE
WHO HAD HIM KILLED.
WE WANNA KNOW WHO AND WHY.
A MOLE IN LANGLEY.
IT LOOKS THAT WAY.
AND I'M NOT HIGH ENOUGH
ON THE FOOD CHAIN
TO DODGE THE BULLET ON THIS.
NO, NO, JASON.
YOU KNOW THE RULES.
NO JUDGE. NO JURY.
THIS IS STRICTLY IN-HOUSE.
YOU WANT MY HELP?
YEAH.
THEN I NEED MY TEAM.
CAPTIONING MADE POSSIBLE BY
TOUCHSTONE TELEVISION
PRODUCTIONS, LLC. AND CBS
ALBERT EINSTEIN SAID,
"WHOEVER SETS HIMSELF UP
AS JUDGE IN THE FIELD
OF TRUTH AND KNOWLEDGE
IS SHIPWRECKED
BY THE LAUGHTER OF THE GODS."
HE WAS CIA ESCORT, OK?
IT'S WEIRD,
A LITTLE SCARY.
WHAT DO YOU SUPPOSE
THIS IS ALL ABOUT?
CALL ME CYNICAL,
BUT CONSIDERING IT'S 2 A.M.,
I DOUBT IT'S GOOD NEWS.
YOU ARE A GENIUS.
THE CIA'S
COUNTERTERRORISM UNIT
IS ENGAGED IN A MISSION
TO SAVE ONE
OF ITS INFORMANTS.
THEY SUSPECT ONE
OF THEIR AGENTS IS A MOLE.
UNTIL THE IDENTITY OF
THAT MOLE IS DISCOVERED,
THEY'VE LOCKED DOWN
THE UNIT.
THIS GIVES US THE OPPORTUNITY
TO PROFILE THE UNSUB UP CLOSE.
GO AHEAD.
LET'S START
THE VIDEO FEED.
JOHN SUMMERS WAS
THE CIA'S BEST FIELD AGENT
IN THE MIDDLE EAST.
3 NIGHTS AGO, HE WAS FOUND
IN HIS HOME IN WASHINGTON.
HE'D BEEN TORTURED
AND MURDERED.
THE CIA MADE IT
LOOK LIKE SUICIDE.
HOW'D YOU LIKE
TO HAVE THAT JOB?
GUYS, LOOK
AT THE WOUND PATTERNS.
THEY COME
FROM 2 DISTINCT ANGLES.
DIFFERENT HEIGHTS.
ONE'S RIGHT-HANDED
AND ONE'S LEFT-HANDED.
LOOKS TO ME
LIKE HE WAS TORTURED
BY MORE THAN 2 PEOPLE.
HOTCH, WHAT WAS
SUMMERS WORKING ON?
AALIYAH NADIR
HAD BEEN BEATEN
AND SEXUALLY ASSAULTED
AT THE HANDS OF HER HUSBAND,
HASSAN NADIR.
THAT'S HOW SUMMERS
FLIPPED HER AND GOT HER
TO WORK FOR THE CIA.
WHAT'S THE HUSBAND'S STORY?
HE'S A DIPLOMAT
FOR THE SAUDI GOVERNMENT,
BUT HE'S A FUND-RAISER
FOR MAJOR TERRORIST
ORGANIZATIONS.
AALIYAH GAVE
SUMMERS INTELLIGENCE
ON TERRORIST ORGANIZATIONS
THE CIA HAD NEVER
BEEN ABLE TO PENETRATE,
ORGANIZATIONS HASSAN,
HER HUSBAND,
FUNNELED MONEY TO.
AND HASSAN REALIZED
HE HAD A LEAK?
YES, BUT HE
DIDN'T KNOW WHO.
FOR AALIYAH'S PROTECTION,
SUMMERS NEVER REVEALED
HER IDENTITY TO THE CIA
UNTIL ABOUT 8 WEEKS AGO.
CIA ARRANGED PAPERS FOR HER,
AND SUMMERS BROUGHT HER
AND HER CHILDREN TO THE US.
ABOUT A MONTH AGO.
ONLY SUMMERS KNEW
WHERE HE HID HER.
WHAT DID HASSAN THINK
HAPPENED TO HIS FAMILY?
CAR ACCIDENT. BODIES
TOO DISFIGURED TO IDENTIFY.
ONLY THE CIA
KNEW IT WAS STAGED
UNTIL HASSAN ARRIVED
IN WASHINGTON LAST WEEK
UNDER DIPLOMATIC COVER.
ONLY SOMEONE IN THIS UNIT
COULD HAVE GIVEN
HASSAN INFORMATION
ABOUT HIS FAMILY.
AND NOW HE'S HERE
LOOKING FOR HER. WHY US?
OVER THE YEARS,
I'VE CONDUCTED
PSYCHOLOGICAL EVALUATIONS
ON EVERY FIELD AGENT
IN THAT UNIT.
YOU WORKED FOR THE CIA?
NOT OFFICIALLY.
THE TRAIN'S RUNNING.
AND IF WE STOP
THIS MISSION,
EVEN FOR A SECOND,
AALIYAH AND HER CHILDREN
ARE AS GOOD AS DEAD.
EVERYTHING'S
GOING TO BE OK.
WE'LL BE OUT OF HERE SOON.
HE'S GOING
TO COME BACK FOR US.
WE JUST ALL HAVE
TO BE VERY BRAVE.
CLOSE YOUR EYES.
TRY TO SLEEP.
DON'T REMOVE YOUR FIREARM.
U.S. SOIL.
FEDERAL BUILDING.
JUST YOUR CELL PHONES.
NON-NEGOTIABLE.
THE MOMENT
WE WALK IN THERE,
THE UNSUB'S GONNA KNOW
WE GOT HIM CORNERED.
WE DON'T HAND JACK HIM.
HEY.
SPECIAL AGENT HOTCHNER.
OH, I KNOW WHO YOU ARE
AND YOUR TEAM, TOO.
I'VE GOT THE PERSONNEL FILES
ALL SET UP FOR YOU GUYS.
VIDEO, WHATNOT. IT'S ALL THERE
IN THE CONFERENCE ROOM.
IF YOU HAVE ANY QUESTIONS,
FEEL FREE TO TALK TO
MY SENIOR OFFICERS.
THIS IS GINA SANCHEZ.
SHE'S THE ASSOCIATE DIRECTOR
OF FIELD OPERATIONS.
AND THAT GUY UP THERE
IS KRUGER SPENCE,
THE ASSISTANT DIRECTOR
OF OPERATIONS.
THE LADY WITH HIM
IS HIS SECOND IN COMMAND,
OLIVIA HOPKINS.
AND THANK YOU FOR COMING.
YOU NEVER MENTIONED
BRUNO HAWKS.
YOU NEVER ASKED.
HOW LONG HAVE YOU UNOFFICIALLY
BEEN WORKING FOR CIA?
LONG ENOUGH TO KNOW WHO
AND WHAT WE'RE DEALING WITH.
IF I MAY ASK, SIR--
I DON'T KNOW YOUR NAME,
NATHAN--
THE THING THAT I DON'T GET
IS OUR TEAM'S THERE.
WHY CAN'T WE GO
TO LANGLEY?
DO I LOOK LIKE A THREAT
TO NATIONAL SECURITY
TO YOU? SERIOUSLY.
YOUR NAME IS ON A LIST.
A LIST I WORK FOR THE FBI,
AND YOU'RE TELLING ME
I'M ON A LIST
THAT SAYS I CAN'T GO
TO THE CIA?
YOU'RE ON A LIST.
UH, GARCIA.
YOU DO KNOW
WHAT THIS MEANS.
WHAT?
WE'LL BE ABLE TO FIND OUT
WHETHER
PRINCESS DIANA'S DEATH
WAS REALLY AN ACCIDENT.
I THINK THAT'S EXACTLY
THE KIND OF THING
THAT GOT YOU ON THEIR LIST.
OK, WE GOT A FULL ROSTER
OF ALL THE PLAYERS HERE,
INCLUDING SUMMERS.
HOW MANY IN TOTAL?
IN BRUNO'S DEPARTMENT. 22.
21 AND 22
ARE HERE WITH US.
IN THE ROOM.
WHAT IF IT'S ONE OF THEM?
WE'RE LOOKING FOR WHAT
THE CIA CLASSIFIES
A TYPE-A PERSONALITY.
OVERACHIEVER,
HIGHLY ADAPTABLE,
WELL EDUCATED,
VIRTUALLY UNSHAKABLE.
MANIPULATIVE ENOUGH
TO PERSUADE
A LOYAL FOREIGN NATIONAL
TO BETRAY THEIR COUNTRY
OR A WIFE TO BETRAY HER HUSBAND.
MOST IMPORTANTLY,
THIS UNSUB LONG AGO
ACCEPTED THE REALITY
THEY WILL BE SUMMARILY
EXECUTED IF CAUGHT.
LIFE MEANS NOTHING
TO THIS UNSUB.
NOT HIS OWN LIFE.
NOT HIS FAMILY'S.
NOT HIS COLLEAGUES.
CERTAINLY NOT OURS.
AND CERTAINLY NOT THEIRS.
ONE OF THOSE AGENTS
TURNED AGAINST EVERYTHING
THEY BELIEVE IN. WHY?
WELL, HE STOPPED BELIEVING.
MAYBE IT WAS ABOUT IDEOLOGY.
WE NEED TO FIND
THE STRESSOR,
A MAJOR EVENT
THAT CAUSED HIM
TO TURN LOVE, REVENGE,
ECONOMICS, IDEOLOGY.
THE INTELLIGENCE
COMMUNITY'S MANTRA SAYS,
"INCREASE THE PARAMETER
OF YOUR ENEMIES' PARANOIA."
RIGHT NOW
WE'RE THE ENEMY.
WHATEVER YOU SEE
OR ARE TOLD,
PLEASE TRUST
NO ONE BUT ME.
GIDEON, YOU'RE
GONNA WANT TO TAKE A LOOK
AT THIS SURVEILLANCE VIDEO.
WHAT IS IT?
IT'S YOU. IT'S YOUR NAME
NEXT TO A WHOLE
SLEW OF MPEGS.
THERE'S ONE THAT
SAYS "JOHN SUMMERS."
IT'S 3 HOURS LONG.
WHEN WAS THIS?
3 DAYS
BEFORE HE WAS KILLED.
WHO CALLED THIS MEETING?
DOES IT MATTER?
EVERY DETAIL MATTERS.
WHY?
IT CAN ONLY BE
1 OF 4 PEOPLE.
WHY IS THAT IMPORTANT?
WHOEVER REQUESTED THIS
WANTED MORE THAN JUST
AN EVAL FROM YOU.
DID YOU KNOW
THEY WERE FILMING YOU?
I ASSUMED THEY WERE.
TAKING IN
ALL FACTORS DISCUSSED--
AGE, RANK,
AND FIELD STATUS--
AND IF YOU ELIMINATED
ALL NON-FIELD AGENTS,
WE'RE LEFT WITH A TOTAL
OF 16 CANDIDATES.
ALL OF WHOM
ARE IN THIS UNIT.
WE HAVE TO ASSUME THE MOLE
HAS AN EXIT STRATEGY.
ONLY NOW WE'RE
BLOCKING THE EXIT,
AND THE ONLY WAY OUT
IS THROUGH US.
WE ALL KNOW
WHY B.A.U. ARE HERE.
THEY HAVE THEIR JOB
AND WE HAVE OURS.
AND WE'RE DOWN
TO THE WIRE ON THIS.
AALIYAH NADIR
RISKED EVERYTHING,
AND NOW SHE AND
HER CHILDREN DESERVE
OUR FULLEST ATTENTION.
LET'S FIND HER.
AGENT GIDEON.
IT'S GOOD TO SEE YOU AGAIN.
YOU'RE NOT
A VERY GOOD LIAR.
I WASN'T LYING.
YOUR EVALUATION
TOOK ME OUT OF THE FIELD.
I SIMPLY WROTE THE TRUTH.
YOU'RE HIGHLY INTELLIGENT.
YOU'RE IMPOSSIBLY
STRONG-WILLED.
THERE'S GONNA COME A TIME
WHEN YOU CAN'T
FOLLOW ORDERS.
IT HASN'T HAPPENED YET.
IT WILL.
YOU'RE WRONG.
WE THINK THE AGENT
WHO'S TIPPING OFF HASSAN
MAY HAVE HAD SOME KIND
OF EXTREME EVENT
IN THEIR LIFE.
SOMETHING THAT
DISTORTED OR REDEFINED
THEIR BELIEF SYSTEM.
EVERY AGENT UNDERGOES
REGULAR PSYCH EVALS.
YOU KNOW THAT.
THEY'RE TRAINED TO COPE
WITH EXTREME EVENTS.
WHATEVER TURNED THIS AGENT,
YOU CAN'T TRAIN FOR.
YOU'RE WELCOME
TO EVERYTHING I HAVE.
EVERY OP UNDERTAKEN
BY THESE GUYS IS ON FILE.
WHAT ABOUT THE ONES
THAT AREN'T ON FILE?
LIKE THE WIRETAPS
OF THE SAUDI EMBASSY.
THOSE DON'T EVEN EXIST.
HOW LONG HAS YOUR DEPARTMENT
BEEN RUNNING OPERATIONS
IN RIYADH?
WE HAVE A DECLARED
PRESENCE IN RIYADH
MONITORING
U.S. INTERESTS THERE.
YOU KNOW THAT.
NOW, IF THAT'S ALL,
I HAVE AN INFORMANT TO SEE.
HEY, GUYS,
TAKE A LOOK AT SOMETHING.
RIGHT THERE.
THAT'S A WOMAN SITTING
IN THE PASSENGER SEAT
OF THAT CAR.
LOOKS A LOT
LIKE AALIYAH.
WHY WOULD HE LEAVE THEM
IN THE CAR UNLESS HE KNEW
HE WERE BEING VIDEOTAPED?
WHO CALLED
THIS MEETING?
DOES THAT MATTER?
EVERY DETAIL MATTERS.
WHY?
IT CAN ONLY BE
1 OF 4 PEOPLE.
THAT'S NOT TRUE.
ANYONE IN THIS DIVISION
COULD HAVE INSISTED
ON AN EVAL.
WHY NARROW IT
DOWN TO 4?
WELL, HE RIGHTLY SUSPECT ED
HASSAN CAME TO THE U.S.
BECAUSE HE KNEW
HIS WIFE WAS ALIVE.
AND THAT SOMEONE
IN THIS AGENCY
WAS WORKING FOR HASSAN.
IF WE DON'T
DISCOVER WHO THE MOLE IS
BEFORE THEY FIND HER,
SHE AND THE KIDS ARE DEAD.
GARCIA.
RIGHT HERE, BOSS.
HOW MANY AGENTS IN THIS UNIT
WERE ACTUALLY IN SAUDI
MONITORING U.S. INTERESTS?
4.
LET ME GUESS.
BRUNO HAWKS, GINA SANCHEZ,
OLIVIA HOPKINS,
AND KRUGER SPENCE.
4 FOR 4.
SEE WHAT ELSE
IS ON THE TAPE.
JOHN SUMMERS WOULD HAVE ONLY
TRUSTED SEASONED AGENTS,
OF WHICH IN THIS UNIT
THERE ARE ONLY 4.
HE GUESSED THAT THE MOLE
HAD TO HAVE BEEN ONE
OF HIS 4 BOSSES.
BEFORE HE PUT IN
FOR AALIYAH'S EXTRACTION,
HE WANTED TO KNOW
WHICH ONE NOT TO ASK.
WE NEED TO MATCH UP
WITH THEM, ONE-ON-ONE.
KRUGER SPENCE,
ASSISTANT DIRECTOR
OF OPERATIONS.
RECRUITED AT THE AGE OF 18
AI-TER GRADUATING FROM M.I.T.
IT SAYS HERE
HAD 6 YEARS EXPERIENCE
AS A WEAPONS
SYSTEMS DESIGNER
AND AN I.Q. OF 197.
HE BUTTED UP
AGAINST THE SYSTEM
AND DIDN'T DEAL
WITH AUTHORITY.
THEY MOVED HIM
INTO FIELD OPERATIONS
IN CHINA FOR 8 YEARS
BEFORE
TRANSFERRING HIM HERE.
OLIVIA HOPKINS,
DIVORCED MOTHER OF 2.
SHE SPENT 9 YEARS
IN FIELD OPERATIONS IN EUROPE.
SHE ALSO VISITED RIYADH
WITH KRUGER.
I GOT
GINA SANCHEZ.
WEST POINT GRADUATE.
BLACK BELT
IN 2 MARTIAL ARTS.
SERVED IN IRAQ DOING
PSYCHOLOGICAL OPERATIONS
WITH MILITARY INTELLIGENCE.
SHE JOINED THE CIA
5 YEARS AGO.
SPEAKS 3 LANGUAGES
INCLUDING ARABIC.
BRUNO HAWKS,
DEPUTY DIRECTOR OF OPERATIONS.
EXTENSIVE FIELD OPS
IN THE MIDDLE EAST AND EUROPE.
DID HIS MILITARY SERVICE
WITH JASON GIDEON.
ONE THING I'VE LEARNED OVER
THE YEARS PROFILING CIA AGENTS,
SPIES ARE SOME OF THE SMARTEST
LIARS IN THE WORLD.
BE SMARTER.
I'M THIRSTY.
DRINK.
SHARE THE LAST OF IT
WITH YOUR SISTER.
IT'S OK.
HE CAN HAVE IT.
I'M NOT EVEN THAT THIRSTY.
WE CAN'T CIRCULATE
A PHOTO OF A WOMAN
WHO'S SUPPOSED TO BE DEAD.
I REALIZE THAT, BUT--
I APPRECIATE YOU HAVE
A JOB TO DO, BUT SO DO I.
START LOOKING
WHERE AALIYAH WOULD FEEL
THE MOST COMFORTABLE.
ARAB-POPULATED AREAS.
ACTUALLY, YOU
MIGHT WAN NA START
BY PROFILING SUMMERS.
BE MY GUEST.
AALIYAH'S ABOUT
TO BE BRUTALLY MURDERED
IN FRONT OF HER CHILDREN.
GOT NOTHING?
OK.
WHERE WERE WE? LET'S PUT
SOME TEAMS TOGETHER.
SUMMERS WAS OBSESSED
WITH HIS OWN SECURITY.
AREN'T WE ALL?
HE DIDN'T CARE ABOUT MONEY
OR POSSESSION OR FAMILY.
ALL HE CARED ABOUT
WAS HIS JOB.
HE WAS A CLASSIC
CONTROL FREAK,
A METICULOUS PARANOID.
A LOANER WHO CHOSE TO LIVE
OUTSIDE THE COMMUNITY.
IN AN ENVIRONMENT
THAT HE COULD CONTROL.
ALL RIGHT. SO HE WOULD
HAVE PLACED AALIYAH
OUTSIDE THE COMMUNITY
IN AN ENVIRONMENT THAT
ONLY HE COULD CONTROL
AND HAVE ACCESS TO.
MAYBE. ON THE OTHER
HAND, HE MIGHT--
NEW DEAL. I WANT YOU
TO SEARCH THE AREAS
SURROUNDING SUMMERS' APARTMENT.
WE'RE LOOKING
FOR INDUSTRIAL SIGHTS,
STORAGE SPACES, WAREHOUSES.
THAT'S GOOD. THAN KS.
I DON'T THINK
I COULD HAVE A JOB
WHERE I HAD TO SIT
AND TALK TO PEOPLE ALL DAY.
OK, WAIT A MINUTE.
IT'S NOT ALL PSYCHOBABBLE.
I GET MY FAIR SHARE
OF ACTION.
I'M SURE YOU DO.
HERE'S SOMETHING YOU
MIGHT FIND INTERESTING.
JOYSTICK, COME AROUND
30 DEGREES,
15 BY 13 NORTH.
ZOOM IN 2 MILES.
WAIT A MINUTE.
THAT LOOKS
LIKE MY NEIGHBORHOOD.
THAT IS MY NEIGHBORHOOD.
THAT'S MY HOUSE.
THAT'S MY BIKE.
YOU HAVE A DOG.
YEAH, YEAH, I GOT A DOG.
THAT'S CLOONEY.
WELL, IT LOOKS LIKE
CLOONEY'S ON THE COUCH.
OK. SO YOU KNOW
WHERE I LIVE. I LIKE THAT.
YOU ALSO KNEW
WHERE SUMMERS LIVED.
THAT'S MY JOB.
YOUR JOB TO MAKE IT
LOOK LIKE SUICIDE?
YOU STOOD OVER THE DEAD BODY
OF A FRIEND AND A COLLEAGUE.
YOU STUCK
A SHOTGUN IN HIS MOUTH
AND YOU PULLED THE TRIGGER.
YEP.
MUST TAKE
A PSYCHOLOGICAL TOLL, NO?
LET'S GET ONE THING CLEAR.
WE ALL WRITE A LETTER JUST
LIKE THE ONE SUMMERS WROTE.
A SUICIDE NOTE?
THAT DOESN'T MESS WITH YOUR
MIND JUST A LITTLE BIT?
I'M NEITHER
DISILLUSIONED OR CONFUSED
ABOUT WHAT I AM, WHAT I DO
OR WHAT I HAVE DONE.
SOMEBODY HERE IS.
WHY ELSE WOULD THEY
RAT OUT THEIR OWN PEOPLE?
YOU'LL HAVE TO ASK THEM.
CIA LOOKS MUCH
LIKE THE FBI.
THIS IS A REAL
BOY'S CLUB.
MUST BE TOUGH
BEING A WOMAN HERE.
GET TO THE POINT, AGENT.
DIVORCED. LOST CUSTODY
OF YOUR KIDS.
THAT DIDN'T HELP
YOUR CAREER, HUH?
ARE YOU INTERROGATING ME?
JUST QUESTIONS.
YOU WANT ANSWERS,
LOOK IN MY FILE.
I DID.
DURING AN OPERATION IN EUROPE,
YOU WERE TAKEN HOSTAGE.
FOR WHICH
I RECEIVED COUNSELING.
BUT IT DIDN'T HELP.
YOUR MARRIAGE BUSTED UP
PRETTY QUICKLY.
HOW DOES THIS HELP YOU?
IT WOULD TAKE A MAJOR EVENT
FOR SOMEONE TO TURN AGAINST
THEIR COUNTRY, DON'T YOU THINK?
A MAJOR EVENT LIKE WHAT?
LIKE ONE THAT'S
NOT IN ANY FILE.
WHAT HAPPENED
TO YOU OVER THERE?
THEY ATTACK YOU?
THEY RAPE YOU?
OLIVIA.
THAT'S ENOUGH.
THIS IS IN VIOLATION
OF HER CIVIL RIGHTS.
UNTIL THEY FIND THE SLEEPER
AND WE FIND AALIYAH,
ALL RIGHTS ARE REVOKED.
WHERE WERE YOU ON THE NIGHT
THAT SUMMERS WAS MURDERED?
I WAS WITH HER.
IN HER APARTMENT.
WELL, YOU'RE
A MARRIED MAN.
AT SOME POINT YOU MUST
HAVE LEI-T TO GET BACK
TO YOUR WIFE, RIGHT?
YOU WAKE TO AN EMPTY BED?
YES.
I DID.
ARE WE DONE HERE?
30 AM.
WE ALL KNOW NONE OF THIS
WILL EVER REACH A COURT.
IF YOU WAN NA ARREST US
FOR HAVING AN AFFAIR,
BE MY GUEST.
I'LL DEAL WITH YOU TWO LATER.
OLIVIA.
RIYADH, 2003.
WHEN I SAW
THE CCTV MONITORS WERE DOWN
AND OLIVIA HADN'T RETURNED,
I THOUGHT I'D BETTER
COME LOOKING FOR HER.
HAVE ANY AGENTS
SEEN THE BODY?
GOOD. WE CAN USE THIS
TO OUR ADVANTAGE
TO GET THE OTHERS.
WHAT
WHAT ARE WE DOING HERE?
YOU'RE PULLING US AWAY
FROM OUR ASSIGNMENTS?
THERE'S A WOMAN OUT THERE
WHOSE LIFE DEPENDS ON US.
WHERE'S OLIVIA?
OLIVIA HOPKINS WAS
MURDERED 10 MINUTES AGO.
HER NECK WAS SNAPPED.
JUST LIKE
JOHN SUMMERS.
WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT?
YOU'RE LYING.
WHERE IS SHE?
LOOK, PEOPLE DON'T JUST
GET MURDERED INSIDE THE CIA.
WHAT ARE YOU LOOKING AT?
I REALIZE
THE ENORMITY OF THIS,
BUT HASSAN NADIR
IS STILL OUT THERE
LOOKING TO KILL HIS WIFE,
AND I NEED
EVERY AGENT ON THIS.
WHAT DO YOU
THINK IT WOULD TAKE
FOR SOMEBODY TO BETRAY
THEIR COUNTRY?
IF I KNEW THAT,
YOU WOULDN'T BE HERE.
OR IS THIS THE PART
WHERE YOU PROFILE ME?
I'VE DONE THAT
FOR OVER 20 YEARS AND FOR FREE.
WHAT DID YOU COME UP WITH?
WELL, YOU DON'T SMILE
AS MUCH AS YOU USED TO,
BUT THE ROGAINE'S WORKING.
YOU NEED TO QUIT
YOUR DAY JOB.
YOU'VE STRIVED
YOUR ENTIRE LIFE
JUST TO SEEK THE APPROVAL
OF YOUR FATHER.
OBSESSIVELY TRIED NOT TO MAKE
THE SAME MISTAKES HE MADE.
THE EMOTIONAL COST WIPES
THE SMILE OFF YOUR FACE.
YOU KNOW, MY KIDS,
THEY DON'T EVEN KNOW WHO OR
WHAT THEIR FATHER REALLY IS.
BUT THEY KNOW THERE'S
ABSOLUTELY NOTHING
YOU WOULDN'T DO FOR THEM.
WHO SAYS, YOU KNOW,
KIDS NEED TO KNOW
EVERYTHING ABOUT US?
TRUST ME.
WE'RE NOT THAT INTERESTING.
WHO DO YOU THINK IT IS?
I'M SO CLOSE TO IT, JASON,
I HONESTLY CAN'T TELL.
I WILL SAY THIS.
I'M GLAD YOU'RE HERE.
YOU FEELING OK?
I MEAN, YOU LOST
2 OF YOUR PEOPLE--
2 COLLEAGUES, 2 FRIENDS.
I'VE LOST PLENTY OF THOSE
ALONG THE WAY.
I JUST FEEL PISSED OFF.
SOMEONE IS GONNA PAY DEARLY
FOR WHAT THEY'VE DONE.
YOU LINED US ALL UP
TO SEE HOW WE'D REACT
TO OLIVIA'S DEATH.
WHAT DID YOU SEE?
YOU STARED
STRAIGHT AT KRUGER
LIKE YOU WERE TRYING
TO DEFLECT BLAME
ONTO SOMEONE ELSE.
YOU ARE WASTING
PRECIOUS TIME,
TIME SHE DOESN'T HAVE.
NOW, UNLESS YOU HAVE
SOMETHING USEFUL TO ASK,
WE'RE TRYING TO SAVE LIVES.
SO ARE WE.
PATCH HER THROUGH.
IT'S FOR YOU.
GARCIA? TALK TO ME.
THAT VIRUS THAT
KNOCKED OUT THE CCTV.
WHAT ABOUT IT?
IT WAS DOWNLOADED
INTO THE SYSTEM 3 WEEKS AGO.
BY WHO?
JUST BECAUSE
I LIED ABOUT OLIVIA
DOESN'T MAKE ME THE MOLE.
NO, BUT THE VIRUS
THAT TOOK OUT
THE CCTV MONITORS DOES.
IT ORIGINATED
FROM YOUR COMPUTER.
THEN WHOEVER PUT IT
IN MY COMPUTER IS
TRYING TO FRAME ME.
OLIVIA WAS LOOKING
FOR SOMETHING.
SHE DIDN'T FIND A THING.
YOU KNOW WHY?
BECAUSE ALL OF YOUR FILES
HAD BEEN ERASED.
DO YOU REALLY THINK
IF I WAS THE MOLE,
I WOULD KEEP FILES
THAT WOULD INCRIMINATE ME?
THOSE FILES WERE ERASED
TO MAKE ME LOOK GUILTY.
LOOKS LIKE IT'S WORKING.
MORGAN, YOUR
GIRLFRIEND'S BACK.
GARCIA, IT'S MORGAN. GO.
THAT VIRUS LEI-T A BACK DOOR
INTO THE CIA MAINFRAME.
YEAH, SO?
I SORT OF WENT AHEAD
AND USED IT
TO FIND OUT
WHO ORDERED JOHN SUMMERS'
PSYCH EVAL WITH GIDEON.
WHO WAS IT?
WELL, THAT'S
WHAT'S SO WEIRD.
WHO, GARCIA
JOHN SUMMERS.
SUMMERS
SO WE'D ASK
THAT QUESTION OURSELVES.
WE MISSED SOMETHING
ON THAT TAPE.
WE BETTER FIGURE OUT
WHAT IT WAS
BEFORE HASSAN'S FRIEND
IN HERE BEATS US TO IT.
I HAVE TO FIND
SOME WATER.
OK?
NO.
IF MR. SUMMERS
COMES BACK BEFORE I DO,
YOU TELL HIM
TO WAIT FOR ME.
DO NOT COME LOOKING
FOR MOMMY.
WHATEVER HAPPENS,
YOU'RE SAFE HERE.
PROMISE ME.
DO NOT LEAVE HERE.
YOU BOTH PROMISE?
PRESIDENTS COME,
PRESIDENTS GO.
THE PEOPLE THAT RUN
THOSE PRESIDENTS.
PEOPLE LIKE YOU?
ME?
NO.
NO. NO. I'M
AN EXPENDABLE PAWN.
BUT I GOT WISE
TO THEIR GAME.
GAME
BATTLESHIP.
I'M THE SHIP AT SEA.
THEY TRY TO SINK ME.
HOW DO YOU COPE?
COM PARTM ENTALIZATION.
SEPARATE AND SEAL
EVERY ASPECT OF MY LIFE.
HOW DOES THAT WORK?
IF ONE PART OF THE HULL
IS COMPROMISED,
THE REST OF THE HULL
REMAINS INTACT.
I STAY AFLOAT.
AND WHAT ABOUT A DIRECT HIT?
THEN I HAVE A BOX
THAT I PUT THE REALLY
IMPORTANT THINGS IN,
A SORT OF INSURANCE POLICY.
AGAINST WHAT?
SUDDEN DEATH.
KEEP IT SAFE FROM THOSE
WHO APPEAR TO BE FRIENDS.
HE WAS TRYING
TO TELL YOU ABOUT THE MOLE.
IF THEY WERE
FOLLOWING SUMMERS,
HOW COME THEY DON'T KNOW
WHERE SUMMERS
PUT AALIYAH?
YOU COULDN'T FOLLOW SUMMERS
THROUGH A DESERT.
HE WAS THAT GOOD.
SOMEBODY FOLLOWED YOU.
THEN SUMMERS
MUST HAVE KNOWN
THEY'D BE FILMING HIM.
THEY ALWAYS ARE. SO SMILE.
GARCIA, LET'S REVIEW
THE TAPE AGAIN.
HE SURE LIKES BOATS.
HE REFERS TO
COMPARTMENTALIZING HIS LIFE
LIKE THE HULL OF A SHIP.
YEAH. AND THEN
HE TALKS ABOUT A BOX.
AND PUTTING SOMETHING
INSIDE THE BOX
AS AN INSURANCE POLICY.
HE WAS TELLING GIDEON
HOW TO FIND AALIYAH.
SUMMERS' COVER IN SAUDI
WAS FOR A SHIPPING COMPANY.
OK. WHAT ABOUT
A SHIPPING CONTAINER?
THAT'S A BOX.
THAT'S A BIG BOX.
THE ONLY SHIPPING PORT
NEAR SUMMERS' APARTMENT
IN BALTIMORE,
IT'S NORTH UP THE I-95
FROM LANGLEY.
GARCIA, I LOVE YOU.
GARCIA?
SOMEONE JUST TAPPED
INTO THIS FEED.
WE JUST FOUND OUT
WHERE AALIYAH IS.
AND SO DID SOMEONE ELSE.
I CAN HAVE
THE CHOPPER ON THE ROOF
FUELED AND READY IN 2 MINUTES.
THERE ARE THOUSANDS
OF CONTAINERS AT THAT PORT.
WHAT MAKES YOU SO SURE
AALIYAH'S IN ONE
OF THOSE CONTAINERS?
WHY DON'T WE SEND IN
A SWAT TEAM, SPLIT THEM UP,
HAVE THEM SEARCH IN GRIDS.
WHY? BECAUSE HASSAN
HAS DIPLOMATIC IMMUNITY,
THIS MISSION CAN'T EXIST.
IT'S NOT GINA.
MORGAN,
TAKE GINA WITH YOU.
WAIT. THIS IS MY COMMAND.
THESE ARE MY PEOPLE.
WE HAVE JURISDICTION HERE,
AND THERE'S NOTHING
YOU CAN DO TO STOP US.
THIS IS MY CAREER
ON THE LINE HERE.
YOU ALWAYS
TRUSTED ME, RIGHT?
TRUST ME NOW.
COME WITH US.
THIS IS CRAZY. BRUNO.
GO. GO, GO, GO.
USE THE THERMAL IMAGING.
SEARCH EVERY CONTAINER
FOR BODY HEAT.
YOU CAN WALK US IN
AND DIRECT US
WHEN WE GET THERE.
GREEN, ADAMS.
DUNCAN, COME WITH ME.
JASON, YOU BETTER
BE CERTAIN ABOUT THIS.
IAM.
SO CONVINCE ME.
WE SEE IT ALL THE TIME
IN SUSPECT S WHO KILL
THEIR LOVED ONES.
THEY TRY TO IMMEDIATELY
SHIl-T THE FOCUS AWAY
FROM THEMSELVES.
THERE'S OFTEN
AN EMOTIONAL DETACHMENT
IN THE WAY THE STATEMENT
WAS CONSTRUCTED.
KRUGER BETRAYED HIS WIFE,
BETRAYED OLIVIA.
AFTER ALL THAT BETRAYAL,
HIS COUNTRY WAS EASY.
EXCUSE ME A SECOND.
GIDEON.
YOU WERE RIGHT.
RIGHT, BUT TOO LATE.
HASSAN HAS
BEATEN US TO IT.
DON'T HURT THEM. IT WAS ME.
IT WAS ALL MY FAULT.
HURT THEM? I BURY THEM!
I BURY YOU!
LOOK AT THIS.
YOU SEE?
YOU BETRAYED ME
AND TOOK MY CHILDREN
AWAY FROM ME. WHY?
DO WHAT YOU WANT TO ME.
GINA AND MORGAN
WILL ARRIVE IN 3 MINUTES.
THEY'RE SOMEWHERE
ON THE EAST SIDE OF THIS PORT.
YOU GUYS, TAKE
THAT AREA OVER THERE.
MORGAN, LET'S GO.
DON'T MAKE ME DO THIS.
WHAT DID YOU TELL THEM?
CAN'T YOU PEOPLE SEE
WHAT'S GOING ON?
ALL OF THIS WAS PART
OF THEIR PLAN,
AND NOW HASSAN IS GOING
TO KILL AALIYAH.
THIS IS OUR
ONE AND ONLY OFFER.
CONSIDER IT CAREFULLY
BEFORE YOU RESPOND.
WHAT DO YOU SAY?
IF THIS IS
SOME KIND OF A TRICK,
I'M NOT BUYING IT.
I AM NOT THE MOLE.
THIS IS CRAZY, GINA. WE'RE
JUST RUNNING IN CIRCLES.
REID, COME ON. HELP US OUT.
GIVE ME SOMETHING.
A HUNDRED METERS NORTH
OF YOUR CURRENT LOCATION.
LET'S GO. LET'S GO BACK.
COME ON. LET'S GO BACK.
WE CAN'T ARREST HIM.
THIS IS STILL A CIA MATTER.
YOU DO KNOW THAT.
HOW WILL YOU EXPLAIN THIS
TO THE SAUDI GOVERNMENT?
EXPLAIN WHAT?
THIS ISN'T HAPPENING.
LET'S JUST GET AALIYAH
AND HER CHILDREN BACK ALIVE.
WE'LL WORRY ABOUT
HASSAN'S LIFE LATER.
MORGAN.
YEAH. I HEAR YOU.
THEY'RE RIGHT
IN FRONT OF YOU.
MAKE THE ARREST, MORGAN.
IT'S FBI JURISDICTION.
YOU'RE IN CHARGE.
WAIT A MINUTE.
EASY. EASY. EASY.
EASY DOES IT.
FBI.
LET THE LADY GO
AND PUT THE GUN DOWN.
I SAID PUT THE GUN DOWN.
DIPLOMATIC IMMUNITY, MY FRIEND.
UH-UH. YOU GOT IT WRONG,
MY FRIEND.
THIS CONTAINER HASN'T
PASSED THROUGH CUSTOMS.
OFFICIALLY,
WE'RE NOT ON U.S. SOIL.
SUMMERS WAS A SMART MAN.
THAT HE WAS.
DROP THE GUN.
MORGAN?
MORGAN, WHAT'S GOING ON?
STILL CERTAIN
GINA ISN'T THE MOLE?
MORGAN.
MORGAN, WHAT'S GOING ON?
GIDEON, WE GOT
A SITUATION HERE.
GINA, DON'T DO THIS.
I DON'T TAKE ORDERS FROM YOU.
BRUNO, WHAT DO YOU
WANT ME TO DO?
COVER THEIR EYES.
PLEASE. PLEASE STOP THIS.
BRUNO.
YOU KNOW WHAT TO DO.
SAY IT.
IT'S NOT YOUR CALL.
I TOLD YOU FROM THE START
THIS WAS STRICTLY IN-HOUSE.
THIS IS NOT YOUR CALL.
GINA, WHAT ARE YOU
WAITING FOR?
AN ORDER.
FINISH HIM.
GINA, DON'T DO THIS.
YOU'RE GONNA CUT
THE VISUAL FEED. RIGHT, BRUNO?
OF COURSE.
CUT IT NOW. CUT IT.
I WAN NA THANK YOU, JASON,
FOR YOUR HELP.
WHY?
WHY DID YOU TURN AGAINST
EVERYTHING YOU BELIEVE IN?
WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?
WHEN SOMEONE ASKS YOU
HOW YOU FEEL ABOUT LOSING
ONE OF YOUR COLLEAGUES,
THE ONLY HUMAN ANSWER
IS "I FEEL GUILTY,"
ISN'T IT?
BUT AS YOU
SO BRILLIANTLY DEDUCED,
KRUGER SPENCE
IS THE GUILTY ONE.
RIDICULOUS.
ABSURD.
ONLY THING THAT'S ABSURD
IS YOUR ARROGANCE.
TO BELIEVE YOU COULD
GET AWAY WITH THIS.
UN FORTU NATELY,
WITH HASSAN NOW DEAD,
YOU HAVE NO PROOF.
SORRY ABOUT THAT.
I HAD TO FIND OUT
IF I WAS RIGHT.
HOW DID YOU KNOW
IT WAS BRUNO?
BECAUSE AGENT GIDEON
BELIEVED IN ME.
AND THERE ISN'T
A REASON IN THE WORLD
TO KILL A MAN WHO KNOWS
AS MUCH AS HASSAN DOES.
EXCEPT ONE.
THE SAME ONE
THAT MADE BRUNO
AND HASSAN KILL SUMMERS.
SELF-PRESERVATION.
LOOKS LIKE GIDEON WAS RIGHT.
YES, IT DOES.
ACTUALLY, HASSAN
IS ALIVE AND WELL.
HE'S EN ROUTE.
THAT'S ALL THE PROOF
WE'LL NEED.
YOU ARE A FOOL
IF YOU THINK THEY'RE
GONNA PUT ME IN PRISON
WITH ALL THAT I KNOW.
WHY DID YOU HAVE
TO KILL OLIVIA?
ECONOMICS.
OLIVIA WAS LOOKING
INTO YOUR FINANCIAL RECORDS
WHEN YOU SNAPPED HER NECK.
SO SHE KNEW
YOUR DIRTY LITTLE SECRET.
WHICH ONE?
I HAVE SO MANY.
YOU WERE LOOKING
TO CASH OUT USING HASSAN.
MM-HMM.
$20 MILLION FROM HASSAN
WILL GO A VERY LONG WAY
TO HELPING OCCUPY MY MIND
ON A BEACH SOMEWHERE.
ONLY BEACH YOU'LL SEE
IS ON A POSTCARD
I SEND YOU
FROM MY VACATION.
LET ME HAVE YOUR GUN.
I THINK THE CONSEQUENCES OF WHAT
YOU'RE DOING TO ME, MY FRIEND,
ARE GONNA BE A LOT HARDER
TO LIVE WITH THAN YOU THINK.
WE'LL SEE YOU GUYS
LATER, ALL RIGHT?
WE SHOULD THIS AGAIN
SOMETIME, OK?
JERKS.
COME ON. COME ON. QUICK.
I KNOW YOU'RE IN HERE.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
LOOKING FOR PRINCE WILLIAM'S
PHONE NUMBER.
THE CIA IS BOUND TO HAVE IT.
OH, GARCIA, COME ON.
YEP. HERE IT IS.
NO WAY.
YES WAY.
GIVE ME A PEN.
GARCIA, NO.
I NEED THIS PEN.
I NEED A PEN.
OH! IT DOESN'T WORK.
GARCIA.
OK.
OH. THAT'S TOO BAD.
SLEEP WELL, SWEET PRINCE.
GOOD NIGHT, CRAZY PERSON.
GOOD NIGHT.
WHAT I DON'T UNDERSTAND
IS WHY HE INVITED US HERE.
HE DIDN'T. SUMMERS DID
BY ASKING FOR THE EVAL.
WHEN I PUT THE CALL IN,
BRUNO HAD NO CHOICE.
HE HAD TO FIND OUT
WHAT I KNEW AND KEEP ME CLOSE.
BAD CHOICE.
YOU SAID YOU'D SEND A POSTCARD
OF A BEACH. YOU LIED.
YEAH. YOU HATE THE BEACH.
BEACHES ARE FOR STORMING.
ONLY IF ORDERED TO.
THANK YOU.
I COULD ALWAYS
RENT A DECK CHAIR
AND RECONSIDER MY CAREER.
YOU ALWAYS KNOW
WHERE TO FIND US.
I KNOW WHERE YOU LIVE.
GEORGE ORWELL SAID,
"IN A TIME
OF UNIVERSAL DECEIT,
TELLING THE TRUTH
IS A REVOLUTIONARY ACT."
CAPTIONING MADE POSSIBLE BY
TOUCHSTONE TELEVISION
PRODUCTIONS, LLC. AND CBS
CAPTIONED BY THE NATIONAL
CAPTIONING INSTITUTE
--www.nCIcap.org--